Explanation on linenumber with multiple `LOAD CSV`s (#1424)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/functions/load-csv.adoc

[NOTE]
The functions described on this page are only useful when run on a query that uses `LOAD CSV`.
In all other contexts they will always return `null`.

> If there are multiple `LOAD CSV` clauses in a query, the functions will return information about the most recently executed `LOAD CSV` clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In all other contexts they always return `null`.
If there are multiple `LOAD CSV` clauses in a query, the functions return information about the most recently executed `LOAD CSV` clause.
```
